## Maintenance of MAP NODES

Number: 1
Executer: SerHack

Goals for this maintenance:
* Updating all the nodes to v8. Be prepared for the next hard fork

This a detailed write up about maintenance #1 for the MAP infrastructure. The following node will be under maintenance mode:

* MAP-TOKYO-0
* MAP-FRANKFURT-0
* MAP-NYC-0

Legend
* D: Done (without any problems).
* DW: Done with problems.
* ND : Not done. 

All the time was written using UTC +2 timezone (Europe/Rome).

**MAP-TOKYO-0**

Timeline
| Time | Task | Status
--- | --- | ---
20.50 |  Logged in - **Maintenance started for MAP-TOKYO-0.** | D
20.55  | Downloaded monerod-archive-v8 | D
20.56 | Extracted monerod-archive-v8 | D
21.02 | Killed monerod-archive | D
21.02 | Monerod-archive-v8 is up and running | D
21.10 | Checked. Status : GOOD. | D 
21.11 | **Maintenance completed for MAP-TOKYO-0.** | D

Issue found/suggestions:
* Large use of RAM by monerod-archive-v8 seen on Grafana Monitor. It seems it was a temporary issue.
* Too many files under /home/map. Discuss with team about having a structured files directory (example: /home/map/test for test files, /home/map/miscellaneous for miscellaneous etc..).
* monerod-archive.service: Failed to read PID from file /home/map/monerod-archive.pid: Invalid argument.

20 minutes of maintenance

**MAP-FRANKFURT-0**
| Time | Task | Status
--- | --- | ---
21.12 | Logged in. **Maintenance started for MAP-FRANKFURT-0.** | D
21.14 | Downloaded monerod-archive-v8 | D
21.14 | Extracted monerod-archive-v8 on monero-archive-v8-files/ | D
21.17 | Killed monerod-archive-v8 | D
21.18 | Monerod-archive-v8 is up and running | D
21.22 | Checked. Status : GOOD. | D
21.24 | **Maintenance completed for MAP-FRANKFURT-0.** | D

12 minutes of maintenance.

Issues found/suggestions:

* monerod-archive.service: Failed to read PID from file /home/map/monerod-archive.pid: Invalid argument
* No issue has been found regarding RAM problem.

**MAP-NYC-0**

| Time | Task | Status
--- | --- | ---
21.24 | Logged in. **Maintenance started for MAP-NYC-0.** | D
21.26  | Extracted monerod-archive-v8 | D
21.28| Setup for systemd | _DW_
21.29 | Found a problem: there was a conflict with a file called 'monero' in /usr/bin. | D
21.34 | Fixed the problem | D
21.35 | Monerod-archive is up and running | D
21.36 | Checked. Status : GOOD. | D
21.38 | **Maintenance completed for MAP-NYC-0.** | D

14 minutes of maintenance

Issues found / suggestions:

* Conflicting file called "monero" (headers of the file : ELF binary x64) found during the configuration

Total: 46 minutes.

SerHack Comment:

I have not found any critical errors. The infrastructure reacted well to this upgrade and all the monerod-archive was upgraded without any rebooting of systems.   





